CASMINST-4799 (#2093)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/node_management/Configure_NTP_on_NCNs.md

## Fix broken configuration

> Clock sync is performed in increments vs. all at once, so it may take some time for the clocks to sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clock sync is performed in increments instead of all at once, so it may take some time for the clocks to sync.
```

Before executing any commands, give the nodes some time to update. Sync typically happens within a few seconds, but on

> occasion could take up to 30+ minutes. Periodically running `chronyc tracking` will show clock statistics and can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
occasion could take up to 30 or more minutes. Periodically running `chronyc tracking` will show clock statistics and can be
```
